[PR-23094] Create integration partners pages at docs.talkable.com for rest of integrations (#344)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/custom_integration/chatgpt_text_generation.rst

Reviewer: and lets rename the file

.. _custom_integration/chatgpt_text_generation:
.. include:: /partials/common.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Integrate ChatGPT with your Talkable system to generate AI-driven text for various use cases like AD notes.

> ChatGPT AI Text Generation
> ==========================

Reviewer: Let's make integrations names general
```suggestion
ChatGPT
=======
```

> With this integration, Talkable utilizes OpenAI's ChatGPT API to generate custom AI-driven text for AD notes or other campaign-specific purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this integration, Talkable utilizes OpenAI's ChatGPT API to generate custom AI-driven text for Advocate's sharing message or other campaign-specific purposes.
```
